    https://codepen.io/BritHemming/full/jONmxOm 
    
    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    Semantic means "Meaning". It makes the html readable and understandable to machines and Humans alike.

    2. What is HTML used for? 
    It is a markup language used to build the structure of a website.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    Attributes are special words placed inside a tag in HTML. these attributes control the element's behavior.
    ex: the <p> tag attribute is placed at the begining of the paragraph text.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    This tag means Heading. It is to be used only once in a page.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    <h1></h1> <p></p>
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    We include the "meta link", the title, the style, the script, noscript and the base.

    7. What is an id? 
    the Id specifies an html element that is unique in the page. this is usually used only once per page.

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    for example the <div>

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    only once.

    10. What is a class? 
    It is an attribute in html witch specifies one or more names for an element. 

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    <div>, <h2>, ...

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    how many times you need to

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    add the target "blank"

    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
    it specifies an alternative text that is to be rendered when the initial element to witch it is applied does not work.

    15. How do I reference an id?
    by using "#" 

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    The <section> defines sections in a documents. the <div> defines a division.

    17. What is CSS used for? 
    to style html. to give your site the colors and design.

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    an Id is used to specify something unique. a class is used to specify an element and can be used many times on the page.
    I would use an id for h1 and classes for <div>

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    with the dot (.h2)

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human p {}

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    a parent selector is used to determine some specificities that will then be inherited by the child selector. it helps not to repeat yourself.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar a {}

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    it is a keyword used to define a special state of an element.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height:

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing:

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform:

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border-style: dotted;
    border-width: 1px;
    border-color: black;

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    * using the universal selector (*)

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    <!-- text comment-->

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm You need to be careful because the file will be deleted permanently

    34. Why should I use version control? 
    Version control helps teams working on a same project with tracking changes made by each contributor and help prevent conflict in the project.
    
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    you can commit as much as needed every time you need to save your work

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    Git push

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    1- Fork repo to make it your own
    2- Clone project
    3- add collaborator
    4- create a branch with your first and last name
    5- open terminal
    6- select the file of the project you want to work on
    6- in terminal, copy the url that you have cloned using Git clone + url
    7- make sure you are working on you own branch by doing Git checkout -b"first-last name"
    8- git status to check the status and branch
    9- work on your project on VS code
    10- add your changes to your files by doing Git add .
    11- Git status to see if the files are added. should be green
    12- Save your changes by doing Git commit -m "added a new file newfile.js" (describe what changes you made)
    13- Git status
    14- Git push to push your work to Github. Push to your own branch
    15- Go on your Github repo and check the changes
    16- Create a pull request making sure it is from your branch to the master. Add a note if needed.
    17- the last thing is to merge your branch, but at this point, it done by our TL or the collaborator we added.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    The main difference between the two are that You can't put block elements inside inline elements. Inline elements do not force a new line to begin in the document flow. 
    It will allow two elements to sit side by side.
    Block elements, on the other hand, cause a line break to occur and start a new line.

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    the element is positioned absolutely to its first positioned parent.
    It allows you to place your element precisely where you want it.

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    You can use box-sizing: border-box;

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    Block Elements: <div>, <p>, 
    Inline Elements: <span>,<a>
    Inline-Block Elements: <button>

    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 
    The CSS box model is a box that wraps around HTML elements. 
    It is composed of: margins, borders, padding, and the content. It is used to design and give dimension and a layout to the webpage.
    The fix for the box model is FlexBox.



